Hey, I'm Parker X. I led tech for a startup that sold for $23 million.
After that, tried a couple different startups and went all in on programming.
Then GPT came out, went all in on AI, using it every day for the last three
years to learn how to leverage it in code and marketing and business in general.
And so I want to talk about rules, cursor rules.
So I'd seen this video a little while back from this guy, Eli.
And I want to show you how to implement it because he had some good points.
And he also runs this inbox thing
so first of all use taskmaster of
course but what we're doing now is i'm building out
the site for our education slash
community company called i vibe with ai that's what this thing
is in the picture below me and i'm getting ready to wrap it up but there's a
bunch of stuff that taskmaster did that is done it works but it can be optimized
so i want to make some of the rules as a piece of educational content so cursor
rules if you're not familiar.
They determine how cursor will act based
on the request that it's sending so earlier days
it kind of would run rampant but then you have patterns that you like
so you want those patterns to be done so first off
if you're using super base then you can do a command it's
a shout cn command it'll add in the best
practices from them so that's pretty cool so that's
one tip i would do is supabase official cursor rules
type that in you can go to the cursor directory too and do
it but in here you'll see the folder structure as
for db functions migrations rls policies sql style guide and edge functions
and you can just grab this and run it and it'll post it into your project so
i have that right you want to have ones that are specific if they're official
that's better and they update them pretty often.
So you can follow a couple of the guys on Twitter to keep up with it.
But in this case, we're going to make our own rules. So I have.
A bunch of these patterns in
my app for fetching right so
i always lay it out where i have my
app and this is just one app right it's just next
js but for bigger stuff i would do the same thing i
just use turbo repo and then nest them so i i wanted to have a react router
app or vt app or astra for marketing or python server for agents whatever they'd
all be nested in there but same structure and then in the monorevo world you'd
have super basis package but that's a different case so what i do in these ones
is i just have super basis separate,
and then i have edge functions in here which is
dino and then i have migrations in here queries in here i usually break them
out by the bucket and then i'll have mutations as well so let's see i need to
make sure we have mutations for the queries do we have mutations yeah we don't
have mutations so let's add one for mutations.
Cool mutations are things that change right so a mutation is not a read it's a write,
so instead of get prompt it'd be create prompt then I typically name them in
kebab case which is this lower case stuff so that's a rule but what we're doing
is we're gonna plus up the existing method,
that we have here this existing query.
And because they're really small, it makes it a lot easier to work with.
But what we already did was we said, hey, we need to update this to user singleton in blank.
So singleton, if you're not familiar, is under clients. I have all these different clients.
And this one is the one place that we're making a connection with Supubase.
So that way, if this one works, then anything that needs to make a call to Superbase
will go through this on a server on it and through this on a client component.
So what I want to do is before it was using just the Superbase client and that's
because Taskmaster did the job but it didn't follow practice that I want.
So we're going to make a rule around it. First we're going to make it better,
right? So we've done one thing. We said use best practices.
Okay. Didn't really do much there but it did what we wanted.
And then it refactored it. It just swapped these things out.
But next I'm going to say, okay, because I want a rule that will have the best
practices across the project, I want to further improve this.
So this pattern of, hey, we should have a global logger.ts that we can have
in our project that has different levels that can be set in our .env.
Then we can update the get prompts.ts to use it.
And what this will do is just that, where I'm going to actually grab where I want it.
So I'm going to put this inside of here, probably.
Let's actually make, this is a really small project, and I'm going to release
it later today. It'll have all the freebies in it.
But I'm going to put it inside of utils. So I'm going to grab this and copy relative path.
And I'm going to do a global logger inside, boom,
that has different levels that can be set in our env do I want it be set there to determine the mode.
Then we can update that to use it okay cool let's see what this does it should
go create the file and then I'll have info it'll have a standard for it yeah
debug info warning error so this is a determined thing this is just a standard
practice but it's really nice not only for you when you're manually debugging but for,
LLMs as well. So we can see it didn't get that right.
Cool, now it got it right. Alright, so we like that. This is good.
This way now, not only are we using the singleton, but we're also using the
types and we're also using this new logger. Great.
If you're not familiar, this is the best way to do it with your types for Sububase.
So that way, when you're trying to call something in your database,
it will give you the auto suggestions and your tab button will thank you because
it'll know what's going on.
So now that we have that we like it and we want to make this into a rule for
data fetching for queries because it has the stuff that we like.
I'm going to ask one last time.
Is there anything we could do to improve the reliability of.
Slash dryness of get prompts.
So I really want to make this one awesome because we're going to make a rule
around it. So let's see what it does.
It's reviewing it. It says it does logging. It does the singleton.
Potential improvements. generic query helper. Well, if you anticipate having
this, let's see what it's thinking of.
Yeah, I mean, this is just another extraction, which I don't think is great.
So I'm going to keep this because I don't think that we need another file.
I want to make sure it didn't create it.
That is dino cool it didn't create that so now that we have one that we like
let's go ahead and make a rule out of it so let's see how does this look the
unexpected nes are okay but let's see.
I use biome as well highly recommend that so i'm going to do biome ignore cool
and let's add those just because strict formatting and linting is key.
And I say that as I let any's in, but because this is a generic utility,
I'm fine with it. So now we're going to create a rule.
And I already have cursor rules in here.
So this is from Taskmaster. If you want to learn about that,
you can look on my channel. It's the last video.
But let's do a little bit of formatting in here first. First,
I want to make sure that the rule creator is as good as it could be.
So let's see if we can't find his example. I believe it's in here.
Yeah, so you always see this at the top, where at the top of rules, you have fence.
That's what these things are.
If you've written Astro, you know what that is. Or like Markdown Files.
But it'll have a description. It'll have the globs. Globs is the selector of
where in the code base should this be applied.
So if you have rules that are specific to just one folder, then that's what that means.
And then always apply is, will this apply for everything or conditional, if you call it.
So looking at this, I like this naming convention. So I want to grab that.
Let's see naming. Do we have anything about naming? We don't have anything about
naming. So let's go ahead and main points in bold.
Follow the naming convention. Let's make that actually...
What's this doing? That's Markdown. Let's put this here.
And let's, if you guys don't have this plugin for previewing Markdown,
you should, oh, this is not Markdown.
MDC, so I can't preview it. Interesting. Let's go ahead and we're going to take
this and I'm going to just open up a cursor, or sorry, a chat GPT.
And then I'm going to attach this.
And I'm going to say, we need to improve the formatting of this .mdc file.
And for some reason it's saying inactive so let's try to
do that again add click there
no doesn't want to do it let's paste
that in there we're going to get a nice formatted one we're going to use four
many high fc4 many boom just to make sure because we have bolded ones that's
the stock template for using what's it called for using taskmaster and then
we have some of the ones from his, so I want to kind of mix the two.
Example, incorrect example. No, I want... Give me the entire updated version.
If that's not going to work, then I could have just done this manually.
So let me take the numbers out.
That's all good.
And we'll follow, oops, follow that pattern.
Always follow this.
What is going on? What just happened?
Oh, boy.
We're having a little issue, a little technical issue with, I think ChatGPG
is trying to overwrite it, which I don't love. so we're going to nuke that so I'm going to back up,
what is going on.
If you ever run into issues like this, you just hit reload window.
Command shift P, reload. Anyways, goodbye.
Cool. So now we're back. No clue what just happened there.
Honestly, this should just work. I just wanted to peel those numbers out.
And I'm not going to edit this because you should, if you run into this stuff,
like, look, it's not perfect.
Like people will run into issues. So I'd rather keep it in there so you know how to address it.
But I just want to follow the convention that is using the other ones. Good.
Directory structure. That looks good. That looks good. Cool.
Do we have the naming thing in here?
Yeah, we do. Out of space there. Okay. So now that we have that all dialed in,
this is the thing that's going to make the rules, and then now we're going to use it.
So let's go back, and we're going to open up a new one, and I'm going to tag
that, and I'm going to say, create a rule for data fetching and loading.
Yes, for data fetching that's a query using at get prompt types as the example.
Cool. So when we kick this off we'll keep it in ask mode because I don't want it to mess up.
And let's see it should determine that hey we should use the logger hey we should
do this hey should we do that.
And it will give me the output for this. So let's see.
Yeah. Yeah, very cool. Client-server.
We will always use client-server for that. Cool.
So let's grab this, and we're going to go ahead and create a new one and then review it.
So data-fetching.mdc. Cool. Let's put it in here and take a look together.
Let's close that. Oops.
Close that side panel. so guidelines for creating super based data fetching
functions to be applied on queries yes that's smart yeah that's recalling it
always apply sure do we want to always apply it,
probably agent requested yeah because we want to only say hey like we're gonna make Yeah.
I think always. I'm doing a lot of data fetching. So if it does involve that,
then it can be passed into context.
If I have issues with this, though, then I'll flip it off because it's just
unnecessary token usage.
But because I do a lot of data fetching, I'll keep it on and see an experiment
and I'll comment below if things change.
If you're having issues, it's probably because of that thing.
Purpose. Standardize how it's done within server-side or dedicated query functions.
I'm going to make this more generic because it's only for server-side.
So then let's grab one that does client-side fetching.
So let's go to, I don't know, what I'll do is I'll just be typing in client.
And then that way I can see an example of its usage. So I know it's going to
be in a TSX. It's probably here.
And this is probably, yes. Okay, cool. So what I'm doing is because I only had
an example of the server-side one, I also want to include an example of how
to use it in the client-side stuff.
So let's look where that's being called
here create client
cool we scroll down we're
going to find where it's passed in and then to do that's the sign with otp where
is i guess it's just using for the sign in yeah cool so we could either do that
one or this one which is probably better because I think it's just doing more.
Yeah, so this is getting a session. Either one of these would work.
So let's update our rule to include client side fetching examples.
This way we have coverage for all data fetching patterns.
It uses and then I'll grab the singleton which will be in,
the client.ts so I grab this boom, right here, copy relative path switching examples.
This way we have coverage yeah we're all for both,
server and client components,
here's the singleton for client well now we'll have a very generic one but it
will be awesome because anytime we're doing any sort of data fetching that it
will do both doesn't seem like this is to do okay
Let me stop that, and I'm going to paste in.
Here's the existing rule. Sometimes I have problems with it if it's not actually committed.
So let's see. Data fetching. It's because I, oh, it's because I needed to.
Yeah. Boom. Continue and revert.
Let that bad boy run.
Add a section specifically for client. Yep. Here's the updated version.
And let's see is it done turn value go update the component state cool,
let's grab this review it and you guys get it that's how it works so then i
would look and i'd see well i have it as always guidelines for data fetching
server and client if you had issues in a larger code base, you can separate the two for sure.
And I would go ahead and tweak it, right? So it knows it's a client component,
it knows if it has custom hooks in it.
Descriptive prefix with get. Okay.
So it's covering both the, like I said, the client and the server,
but then also examples within the file, which is really nice.
So do import the correct one based on the context. Yeah, good job.
So it'll cover all those import issues that I've mentioned in previous videos.
It's doing the type stuff. I want to see if it includes the logger.
Yeah, it does. Good. Good, good, good.
So yeah, it worked perfectly. And then whenever I'm doing stuff in the future, I just call that.
So hey we're going to do data fetching and make
sure you follow the rule for this if it's set to always then it should just
do it and it'll be great if you want this set of rules then drop gimme the rules
below and unlike previous videos where i say here you're going to get this thing
and then i don't reply you'll actually get it because the thing that we're working on in here,
is where i'm hosting all of that so instead of you going to a
notion link that inevitably i won't update this
will be updated so you'll pop your email in optional it's
anonymous sign in but giving me the email
will allow me to when i make updates on
both the freebies templates both paid and free stuff
and then updates to the prompts because they change all
the time when new models come out or i find out something great then
you'll get an email with that i also
have a daily channel if you want to check that out where if you want to go deeper
on the stuff of like how i'm strategizing get to 100k in profit a month you
can go follow that it's just my name plus the word daily of course you gotta
like the video because that's your way to be awesome and put good karma in the
world and subscribe so you can see future videos like this thanks so much for
watching i'll see you in the next one.